---
title: Courier
subtitle: A Solo Adventure RPG in the Wasteland
author: Cody Barr
tags:
  - rpg
  - sci-fi
  - dystopia
  - solo
  - dice
  - dice:d6
  - kickstarter
  - zinequest
  - zinequest:2021
image: images/Courier.jpg
mechanic: tables, D6
playtime:
min_players: 1
max_players: 1
rpggeek:
wikidata:
date: 2021-10-02
physical_copy: false
files:
  - Systeme/Courier - 60 Hex Cells_425x6.pdf
  - Systeme/Courier - Character Sheet.pdf
  - Systeme/Courier - Custom Templates.7z
  - Systeme/Courier - Single (Bookmarked).pdf
  - Systeme/Courier - v1-4.pdf
---

<!-- Excerpt Start -->
Welcome to the New North America, Courier. People around here call it
the “Wasteland” - a barren land full of inhospitable nature, people and
wildlife and don’t get me started on the strange anomalous activities
popping up! Seems that everything is out to make life hard for those
trying to make something from what little is left.

So, that’s why you’re here. You get things where they need to be. A
hardy survivor willing to deliver across the vast Wasteland expanses
and brave the unknown. We need you to deliver something and are
willing to pay top dollar to do so! So what do you say…
Willing to take the job, Courier?

<!-- Excerpt End -->

Courier places you into the boots of it’s namesake, a Courier—someone who
travels the Wasteland delivering and trading cargo in exchange for REP, the
currency of this post-apocalyptic future. REP is tracked through a complex
network of digital systems but can easily be transferred between persons in
exchange for goods and services while remaining untraceable, and is universally accepted by all.

You will take on quests delivering, recovering, or scouting the map for one of
the many factions populating the Wasteland. Every choice you make as a
Courier will reflect how these factions view you and open new opportunities
and bonuses as your standing increases, or decreases through a fame and
infamy system. Choices will have you siding with a few select factions by the
end of your game and seeing the world change for it.

Factions are not the only interactions. Companions can be found at many
locations in the world and will adventure with you into the Wasteland. All
companions are randomly generated by you and can grow into someone
unique, using the perks system provided. These bonuses will help keep you
safe and moving forward towards your ultimate goal, becoming a Legendary
Wasteland Courier.

You will equip protective equipment, cargo rigs, exploration tools, and
weapons, if you hope to stand a chance at surviving everything the Wasteland
has to throw at you. All of your equipment can be upgraded over time to suit
your needs and provide better bonuses. Unique and rare trinkets can be found
in your travels, gaining even more passive boosts to your character.
This is just the start of what Courier has to offer, so jump into your journey as
a new Courier in the Wasteland!


### Links

- https://sleepysasquatch.itch.io/courier
- https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/sleepysasquatch/courier-a-solo-rpg-zine
